hi guys welcome to musikmesse a 2013 my
name is Craig blundell and I'm delighted
to present my new 1-series drum kit here
I'm on the premier stand it's my toric
for my forthcoming dates with frost and
lots of other guys in kind of Prague
land as you can see the kit is pretty
excessive this is the kind of kid I've
always kind of wanted I guess really
always play can't double kicks but never
actually had a double kick set up
properly so this is my first kind of
plowing into into double kicks as it
were so the kicks wise for me were
really important and Keith that designer
of premier put this crazy three and a
half inch front hoop on the kick drums
they're 22 x 20 and they sound massive
like cannons so what we've got going
across the racks is 8 10 12 and 8 now
the the far side eight is a slightly
thicker ply so it gives you a different
tone kit wise it's made up of birch and
cherry outer finish is zebra wood and
paduk so it's kind of really really
sparkles and rest the sound we wanted
will disagree some unique ideas so we
made this 8-inch foot snare which
actually sounds incredible label it with
a with a beta what my idea is going
forward clinics for premier and paiste
and Roland is to have the whole kit as
an acoustic you've also triggering as
well so the toms will be baselines and
be able to play some break beats along
along with the feet we've also got a 20
inch and 18-inch Gong drum which and
these premier one of premiers first
attempts at making Gong drums and they
sound pretty pretty special as well
snare wise I've got a 13 and a 12-inch
auxiliary snare obviously along along
with the eight and our brand new is
premieres and snap drums now we made an
8 and a 10 essentially the idea a single
play drum which pretty much snaps it's a
very very fast to cart 0 sound we've
over tuned the head slightly so that
they really do really snap and they're
very very loud very aggressive drums so
and this is the kit I've called it the
marsh side it's pretty much where I was
brought up as a kid listen to all those
albums and lots of premier drummers over
the years so where it's been a pretty
much the labor of love and work myself
and all the guys from premier absolutely
thrilled with it so please check it out
i hope you liked it i hope to see you
guys on some of my travels
very soon take care hey folks welcome to
issue don't invite drum magazine and boy
have we got a cracking issue for you
first up we get this a hugely talented
Jojo Maya pioneer a drum technique
philosophy and invention if you haven't
seen Joe Joe do construct beats and
now's your opportunity next up Sam gets
with Robert spud see right that's right
that's the man who's been paddling
snarky puppy across the best part of the
USA and Europe recently and what a
fantastic and fabulous player in years
to Jamie Borden puts down drum cartons
for a while undergo sent visits John
Picaro gets an insight into what life
was really like back in the day when the
studio session player was the king of
the door we also pack our bags and
travel out to Frankfort for the music
Messer where the second wave of product
launches for 2013 takes place in our
review section we get to look at DWS
aluminium snare a raft of mine or cons
paiste signature precision symbols and
the reintroduced revamped and welcome
back pearl export kit we also assess for
different Purcell's snare wire sets
Jamie unpacks a set of time are
Silverstar hyperdrive drums and Sam gets
to slap some tycoon
in our accessory section we get to check
out some rather unique very individual
looking drumsticks from Canada courtesy
of headhunters we also get to look at
protection rackets throwing pay stick
bag and of course there are they useful
a very handy drugs Sam also gets to look
at some real feel Evans practice pays
three in fact and I'll get to check out
some of raters new stretch 7 am-5 a
sticks of course we've got our four text
sessions CDs DVDs and books reviews says
plenty to keep you occupied in the month
ahead that's it enjoy issue 19 of I drum
magazine